hi I'm Tonya welcome to my kitchen today
I'm going to show you how to prepare
pumpkin Peter we would call them Piero
is Daniel and I thought right now
Thanksgiving it will be nice to make a
Polish bureau with a little bit of
Thanksgiving twist and the taste is a
little bit different so now everyone
will like it but if you do like pumpkin
or pumpkin spice you're going to love
them I'm guessing all right so let's
have a look at the ingredients then you
will know what you need in case you
decide to give it a try
my own yarn I'm going to chop it very
finely and make sure it's really funny
because you do not want to feel the
onion in your pure ghee oh and then the
next step is to come and caramelize the
onions Wanda frying pan and added some
vegetable oil warmed it up and I heat it
up actually and now i'm adding my onions
and i'm going to be cooking them for
around 45 minutes on the menu Pete
mixing from time to time they need to
get glossy and soft here we go and then
into my ear into my ear mixing bowl I'm
adding the pumpkin beer and and my
ricotta cheese the pumpkin spice I'm
adding a whole peaceful better if you
don't like it that much just up half of
the teaspoon is going to be perfectly
okay okay I'm checking for seasoning
adding my onions and then I'm going to
add some salt and pepper and now time to
mix it some more check for seasoning
again everything needs a little bit more
of soul and then I'm hiding my bread
crumbs okay after that is the final mix
have everything while I cooperated and
then we have it ready so we can put it
aside I'm going to cover it with the
ceramic wrap and right now it's nice to
prepare the dough I am transferring my
flour into my food processor I'm going
to add a teaspoon of salt and then in
that mark there you see i boiled water
it's not hot anymore but it's still very
warm I'm going to pulse it a little bit
just to mix the salt and flour together
and then it's time to start adding
slowly the water and now we're watching
what happens with our flour and went
slowly adding the water because the
moment the flower starts forming a dough
with the water that you can see a ball
going around in your food processor that
means it's enough I added here around
the three quarter of a cup but every
time flower is different so it can vary
kindy one captain can be more than a cap
and then when this is done you want to
go for another minute or so and then the
dough is ready now in the large part and
putting water adding 1 teaspoon of salt
and drinking it boil while we work on
our Bureau
okay when you work a few more time you
unique your your dough you will see that
it's very elastic and it stops being
sticky very quickly now if it is a
little bit sticky just add a little bit
more flour to your cell surface as you
can see we rolling and flipping rolling
and flipping now we want to roll it to
really thin layer i would say 120
millimeters it also depends on what you
like because I noticed my mom is my
liking them very thing my grandma was
making them a little bit thicker I like
them somehow in the middle now on the
plate I'm putting some flour because I'm
going to be putting ready Rocky before
they go to ball and I don't want them to
stick to my play and then with the glass
I'm going to be cutting out circles okay
here we go that's done now I'm bringing
my stuffing uncovering good and now all
those leftovers which am picking up
right now I'm going to form a ball out
of them and put them in a ziploc bag so
they don't dry out so I can roll them
again and have similar agadir
okay and right now very important part
when you pick up the the dough you want
to flip it as you so I flipped it
because the part which was sticking to
the table it's going to be much easier
to stick to each other to close the
perigean not open them so they don't
open in the water and now we want to
press it on the edges and another
important tip for this is don't put too
much stuffing because if the staffing
goes on the edge of the of the pierogi
again they will not close or they will
open while boiling sometimes if they
would try to match my mom says she's
keeping a little shot glass of warm
water and she's picking her finger to
make the edge clean and wet so they they
stick better but I didn't have that
problem and now here there is my husband
and he bought me this little machine for
making paragen he's showing me how to
use it it's actually cute oh we put the
dough inside then we would he's putting
it out quarter of a tablespoon there in
that machine when I'm doing it with my
hands I was putting the line around half
a tablespoon which is not much for for
AP rocky but this stuffing it's pretty
soft and that's why when I'm making a
meat per oggi or ruski the one with
cheese and potatoes which the recipes
are coming
very soon so stay tuned I'm putting
around the table spoon of a of stuffing
okay here we go he does it again hello
very nice they look more professional
with the little machine okay and then
when my parakeet are ready and putting
them into the boiling water I put the
heat to a little bit lower just so they
don't bubble too much and then very
gently steer them with the wooden spoon
I don't want them to stick to the bottom
okay then we have a nonstick spray on
the play and we waiting for all the
bureau key to flow up to the surface and
when this happens and keeping it for
another minute boiling and then fishing
them out here we go okay and now time to
spray them on the top again with
nonstick spray you can do it like this
or my mom is just using a brush in the
oil okay we serve them just from the
water with sour cream or you can fry
them if you would like to I hope you
enjoyed this recipe and let me know what
you think and I will see you next time
happy thanksgiving bye